And now I am in the AWS Management Console.
If you don't have an AWS account,
please follow this link to create an AWS account.
I will search for QuickSight to create AWS QuickSight service,
and then I will be asked to sign up for the first time.
Click on Sign up for QuickSight.
Then we will be asked if we would like to choose the
Standard or Enterprise account.
A Standard account is enough for our demo.
An Enterprise account has additional features such as Row‑Level Security,
Active Directory integration, and data encryption at rest.
Scroll down and click Continue.
Then we will be asked to fill in some details such as AWS
region and QuickSight account name.
I will choose QuickSightHousingSet for the account name,
and also I need to fill in notification email address
to send important notifications.
The other tick boxes are helpful if we would like to
integrate QuickSight to other AWS services.
We don't plan to do that so I will click Finish.
Then I will wait a few seconds until my QuickSight account is created.
And here it has been created.
Then I will click on Go to Amazon QuickSight,
which is a different portal than AWS Management Console.
So the first step we would like to do is to upload our dataset.
We will click on Manage Data.
Then I will click on New Dataset.
As you can see,
AWS QuickSight supports many types of datasets such as AWS,
Athena, SQL Server, and even Twitter feeds.
Let's create a simple dataset that is CSV by clicking on Upload File.
And then we will browse to the file directory in our
computer. After AWS QuickSight loads our data,
it will show us a peek from the dataset.
Let's use this as a chance to explain our dataset.
The first column we have in our dataset is the Zoning Classification, and
this column classifies different types of housing zones,
whether it's low residential, medium residential,
commercial, and so on.
The second column is the Overall Material Condition, and this column
describes the overall house material condition,
which takes discrete values from 1 for lowest and 10 for highest.
The third column is the Overall House Quality.
The Overall House Quality column has discrete values from 1 to 10.
The fourth column is the Roof Style,
and it tells us about the style of the roof of the house.
It can be hip, gable, and so on. And then we have the Fireplace Quality Column,
which indicates the quality of the fireplace in the house.
It can be good, average, fare, and so one on.
And then we have Garage Year Built,
which indicates the year in which the house garage was built.
Garage Area,
the area of the garage. Garage Quality, the quality of
the garage, whether it's average, good, fair, and so on. Years Old,
the year in which the house was sold. Actual Price, this is the
actual sale price of the house. Expected Sale Price,
and this is the expected sale price of the house.
Then I will click Next, and then I will click Visualize. You will notice
that AWS QuickSight provides a nice summary on the right on how the
data‑importing process went. And now let's have a high‑level overview of
our AWS QuickSight window. On the far left,
we have different options that can enable us to do a couple of things
in the visualization, like visualizing, filtering,
storytelling, adding parameters, and so on.
In the bottom left, we can choose our visual types.
On the top left is the field list of our dataset or simply put,
the columns, while on the right is our visualization area where
the visualizations will appear. We can add more visualizations by clicking on the plus sign.